README.md, before:

Simple application to measure carbon emissions. Just add the electricity usage and see the carbon emissions in the graph.

# Getting started
First you need to get an API token from [Carbon Interface](https://www.carboninterface.com/). Then just install the dependencies and run the server with the API token as an environment variable.

```
$ yarn
$ REACT_APP_API_TOKEN=<your-token> yarn start
```

## Tests
This project uses Jest and React Testing Library. A test example for an utility and a React component can be found in the folder `src/tests/`. As a next step integration tests (e.g. using Cypress) could be introduced. To run the tests simply call `yarn test`.

## Technologies Used
* [Create React App](https://create-react-app.dev/docs/getting-started#creating-a-typescript-app) (Typescript template)
* [Material UI](https://mui.com/) for basic components and styles
* [Axios](https://axios-http.com/) for easier request handling
* [Lodash](https://lodash.com/) for group by function
* [React Charts](https://react-charts.tanstack.com/) for the graph. Sidenote: Here I'm using the beta version (>3.0.0) as this is not production code and I wanted to try something new.

As the form is really simple no form library was used, instead simply the component's state is used. Also the application itself only uses React Hooks for state, as the example does not require any sophisticated state solution.

## Notes
The list of countries in `src/utils/constants.ts` were taken from the [documentation](https://www.notion.so/4b4f41db73254b4b915ba01d55eba7e7?v=4ad0efe7763540ab801fadd9f3bf1ce0).

Commit message:

Init storybook and add Github Action

README.md, after:

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/2c349401-3e46-4452-af0c-09b1afb78ec4/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/distracted-austin-1da3b5/deploys)

Simple application to measure carbon emissions. Just add the electricity usage and see the carbon emissions in the graph.

# Getting started
First you need to get an API token from [Carbon Interface](https://www.carboninterface.com/). Then just install the dependencies and run the server with the API token as an environment variable.

```
$ yarn
$ REACT_APP_API_TOKEN=<your-token> yarn start
```

## Storybook
Storybook is used for the purpose of a UI library. A deployed version can be found here.
To start storybook simply run:

```
$ yarn storybook
```

## CI / CD
Storybook is deployed with Github Pages on every build on the branch `main`.

## Tests
This project uses Jest and React Testing Library. A test example for an utility and a React component can be found in the folder `src/tests/`. As a next step integration tests (e.g. using Cypress) could be introduced. To run the tests simply call `yarn test`.

## Technologies Used
* [Create React App](https://create-react-app.dev/docs/getting-started#creating-a-typescript-app) (Typescript template)
* [Material UI](https://mui.com/) for basic components and styles
* [Axios](https://axios-http.com/) for easier request handling
* [Lodash](https://lodash.com/) for group by function
* [React Charts](https://react-charts.tanstack.com/) for the graph. Sidenote: Here I'm using the beta version (>3.0.0) as this is not production code and I wanted to try something new.

As the form is really simple no form library was used, instead simply the component's state is used. Also the application itself only uses React Hooks for state, as the example does not require any sophisticated state solution.

## Notes
The list of countries in `src/utils/constants.ts` were taken from the [documentation](https://www.notion.so/4b4f41db73254b4b915ba01d55eba7e7?v=4ad0efe7763540ab801fadd9f3bf1ce0).
